Now we request your full attention as the flight attendants demonstrate the safety features of this aircraft.
When the seat belt sign illuminates, you must fasten your seat belt.
Insert the metal fittings one into the other, and tighten by pulling on the loose end of the strap.
To release your seat belt, lift the upper portion of the buckle. 
We suggest that you keep your seat belt fastened throughout the flight, as we may experience turbulence.
There are several emergency exits on this aircraft. 
Please take a few moments now to locate your nearest exit. 
In some cases, your nearest exit may be behind you. 
If we need to evacuate the aircraft, floor-level lighting will guide you towards the exit.
Doors can be opened by moving the handle in the direction of the arrow.
Each door is equipped with an inflatable slide which may also be detached and used as a life raft.
Oxygen and the air pressure are always being monitored.
In the unlikely event of a decompression, an oxygen mask will automatically appear in front of you.
To start the flow of oxygen, pull the mask towards you. 
Place it firmly over your nose and mouth, secure the elastic band behind your head, and breathe normally.
Although the bag does not inflate, oxygen is flowing to the mask.
If you are travelling with a child or someone who requires assistance, secure your mask on first, and then assist the other person.
Keep your mask on until a uniformed crew member advises you to remove it.
In the event of an emergency, please assume the bracing position.
A life vest is located in a pouch under your seat or between the armrests.
When instructed to do so, open the plastic pouch and remove the vest.
Slip it over your head.
Pass the straps around your waist and adjust at the front.
To inflate the vest, pull firmly on the red cord, only when leaving the aircraft.
If you need to refill the vest, blow into the mouthpieces.
Use the whistle and light to attract attention. 
Electronic devices  such as calculators, CD players, laptop computers may be used when the seat belt sign is off, or when permitted by your crew. 
Cellular or mobile telephones, remote-controlled toys or any electronic device operating with an antenna must be turned off at all times.
We remind you that this is a non-smoking flight. T
ampering with, disabling, or destroying the smoke detectors located in the lavatories is prohibited by law.
You will find this and all the other safety information in the card located in the seat pocket in front of you. 
We strongly suggest you read it before take-off. 
If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to ask one of our crew members. 
We wish you all an enjoyable flight.